Pang Pang Lawyer
We are so destined
Isn't this Barrister Xiao, the head of Kirin Law Firm?
each other
I wouldn't dare
I don't sell my hue
Mr. Tang
Joking or mastering
No need
This is not in court
I have my sense of proportion.
Then again
Lawyer Tang Lan Kexing's case is now being hyped up
I guess the court session will be live.
At that time, I will ask Lawyer Tang to show mercy in court
Little lawyer, you may be overthinking
Lan Kexing's case is over after mediation
It's over, can't go to court, wow
Don't be so miserable
I'm still looking forward to a showdown with Mr. Tang in court
duel
A duel goes to court class
Could it be that Barrister Xiao is concerned about his gender?
What's the misunderstanding?
Is Lawyer Tang really a beautiful snake venom?
You flatter me.
If you have the time to talk, you might as well go back and think about how Lan Kexin's apology should be written
Otherwise, don't be in a hurry then.
Tang Jian
Don't get carried away.
Coach, don't be duplicitous.
Can you please stop following me? I'm begging you.
Zhang Boran, who are those two?